K060065-Reply  to  FDA Letter  of March  2,  2006 
DEVICE  DESCRIPTION
The  Capnostream 20 Bedside  Monitor is comprised  of two  modules  used  in previously  FDA
cleared  devices  with  the following  indications  for use,  which  together  are the  indications  for
use for the two parameter  bedside  monitor:

Confidential

Capnostream 20
1.  The  MiniMediCO2 EtCO 2 Module:
Is intended  for  installation  in host devices  that:  are  used  by  physicians,  nurses  and  other
trained  health  care  providers  in critical  care  patient  settings,  such  as anesthesiology,
intensive  care medicine,  neonatal  Intensive  care and  other  health  care areas where  non
invasive  measurement  of expired  C02 and  inspired  C02 are  of  medical  value.  It
continuously  and  non  invasively  measures  and  monitors  carbon  dioxide  concentration  of the
expired  and  inspired  breath  and  respiration  rate.  This  module  is  designed  to  be  installed  in a
host device,  in this case  the two  Parameter  Bedside  Monitor,  that  is for  prescription  use
only.

2.  The  MP100  Oximetry  Module
Is indicated  for the continuous  non-invasive  monitoring  of functional  oxygen  saturation  of
arterial  hemoglobin  (SpO2)  and  pulse  rate.  It is intended  for  use with  neonatal,  pediatric,
and  adult patients  during  both  no motion  and  motion  conditions  and  for patients  who  are
either well  or poorly  perfused.  It is to be  used  by  physicians,  nurses  and  other trained  health
care  providers  in critical  care  patient  settings,  such  as anesthesiology,  intensive  care
medicine,  neonatal  Intensive  care  and  other health  care areas.  This  module  is designed  to
be installed  in a  host device,  in this  case the two  Parameter  Bedside  Monitor,  that  is for
prescription  use only..

-*.  Capnostreami0

Capnostream1 0

Proprietary:  Capnostream1 0
Common:  One  Parameter  Bedside  Monitor

ESTABLISHMENT  REGISTRATION  NUMBER

Establishment  Registration  Number:  3003941644

CONTACT  PERSON:

Sanford  Brown,  Regulatory  Affairs  Director
Oridion  Medical  1987  Ltd.
Har  Hotzvim  Science  Based  Industrial  Park
POB 45025

91450  Jerusalem,  Israel

Oridion  Medical  1987  Ltd. 

Page  78

