SPECIAL-CAPNOSTREAM20-Two  Parameter  Monitor  With A2  Software 

CONFIDENTIAL

employing  the adaptive  averaging  algorithm,  the  respiration  rate  accurately  reflects  the
patient's  condition  and  significantly  reduces the  generation  of  nuisance  alarms  by  the
host.

INTENDED  USE
The  Capnostream 20 combined  capnograph/pulse  oximeter  monitor  is intended  to  provide
professionally  trained  health  care  providers  the continuous,  non  invasive  measurement  and
monitoring  of carbon  dioxide  concentration  of the expired  and  inspired  breath  and
respiration  rate,  and  for the  continuous  non-invasive  monitoring  of functional  oxygen
saturation  of arterial  hemoglobin  (SpO 2) and  pulse  rate.  It is intended  for use  with  neonatal,
pediatric  and  adult patients  in hospitals,  hospital  type facilities,  intra  hospital  transport  and
home  environments.

COMPARISON  TO  PREDICATE  DEVICE
The  Capnostream 20 with  adaptive  averaging  (A2)  software  (miniMediCO2  software  version
2.31)  is identical  to  the predicate  Capnostream 2o  (miniMediCO2  software  version  2.20) with
the exception  of the algorithm  changes.  No  changes  to the  host (Capnostream 2o)  software
were  made to  support  the new  module  algorithms  and  no significant  hardware  changes
have  been  made to  the device.

The  new device  meets the  safety  and  performance  standards  met  by the  predicate  device.

Test  data  are  provided  to  validate  the  performance  of the  software  and  its  substantial
equivalence  to  the  predicate  device.  The functional  features  and  the  intended  use  of
Capnostream 20 with  adaptive  averaging  software  are  substantially  equivalent  to the
predicate  device.

A hazard  analysis was  carried  out  on the  module with  the  new  algorithms.  This  hazard
analysis  concluded  that  any  residual  risks  were judged  as acceptable  when weighed
against  the intended  benefits  of  use  of the  system.

Attribute 

Indications  for 
use 

Oridion  Medical  1987  Ltd. 

Capnostream20 Bedside 
Monitor with  MiniMediCO 2
EtCO 2 module  with  adaptive
averaging  (A2)  software
(version  2.31)

Predicate Device-  Capnostream2o  Bedside
Monitor K060065

The  indications  for use  are  identical  The  Capnostream 20 combined  capnograph/pulse
to  the  indications  for  use  in the 
predicate  device 

oximeter  monitor  is intended  to  provide
professionally  trained  health  care  providers  the
continuous,  non  invasive  measurement  and

14

