alongside  the  four  parameters  presented  on  the  predicate  device.  The  IPI  feature
is not  intended  for use  in the  monitoring  of children  aged  less  than one  year  or
neonates  and  the feature  is disabled  when  neonatal  mode  is selected  by the user.
However,  the monitor  itself  may  continue  to  be  used,  in a  manner that  is identical
to the  predicate  device  in all  respects,  for  all  patient  populations.

The  MiniMediCO2  module  software  is designed  to  enable  the  index  to  be  calculated  by
accepting  SpO2  and  heart  rate  values  supplied  at  the  required  rate  (once  a second)  by
any type  of pulse  oximetry  module  implemented  in a  host device.  The  miniMediCO2
module  with  IPI  software  may  be  implemented  in any other  pulse oximetry  enabled  host
monitor after  making  the required  changes  to  the  host software  to  allow  provision  of
SpO2  and  pulse  rate values  to  the  module  and  display of  the  IPI  by the  host. The  host
will  continue  to  display  the four  reference  parameters  and  any  other  parameters
provided by  the  monitor with  the  IPI  as an  addition.

INTENDED  USE

The  Capnostream  20  combined  capnograph/pulse  oximeter  monitor  is intended  to
provide  professionally  trained  health  care  providers  the  continuous,  non  invasive
measurement  and  monitoring  of carbon  dioxide  concentration  of the  expired  and
inspired  breath  and  respiration  rate,  and for the  continuous  non-invasive  monitoring  of
functional  oxygen  saturation  of arterial  hemoglobin  (SpO 2)  and  pulse  rate.  It is intended
for use with  neonatal,  pediatric  and  adult  patients  in hospitals,  hospital  type  facilities,
intra-hospital  transport  and  home  environments.

The  Capnostream  20  monitor  provides  the  clinician  with  an  integrated  pulmonary  index
(IPI).  The  IPI  is  based  on  four  parameters  provided  by  the monitor:  end  tidal  carbon
dioxide,  respiration  rate,  oxygen  saturation  and  pulse  rate.  The  IPI  is a  single  index  of
an  adult  or pediatric  patient's  ventilatory  status  displayed  on  a scale  of 1 - 10,  where  10
indicates  optimal  pulmonary  status.  IPI  monitoring  displays  a  single  value  that
represents  the  patient's  pulmonary  parameters  and  alerts  clinicians  to  changes  in the
patient's  pulmonary  status.

The  IPI  is an  adjunct to,  and  is  not  intended  to  replace,  vital  sign  monitoring.

