COMPARISON  TO  PREDICATE  DEVICE

The  Capnostream  20  with  IPI  is equivalent  to  the  predicate  Capnostream  20
(miniMediCO2  software  version  2.31)  with  the  exception  of the software  changes  to  the
miniMediCO2  capnography  module  and  the  changes  to the  Capnostream  20  host
software.

The  new  device  meets the  safety  and  performance  standards  met by  the  predicate
device.

Software  testing was  performed  to  validate  the  performance  of the  new  software  and  its
substantial  equivalence  to  the  predicate  device.  A clinical  evaluation  was  performed  to
ensure that  the  modified  device  meets  user  requirements.  A safety  and  effectiveness
evaluation was  performed  to  demonstrate  that  the  IPI  identified  all  instances  in which
clinical  intervention  was  required  and  alerted  the practitioner  to  these changes.  The
functional  features  and  the  intended  use of  Capnostream  20 with  IPI  are  substantially
equivalent to  the  predicate  device.

A hazard  analysis  was  carried  out on  the  module  with  the  IPI  functionality  and  on  the
Capnostream  20  host  monitor  displaying  the  IPI  values.  This hazard  analysis  concluded
that  any residual  risks were  judged  as  acceptable  when  weighed  against  the  intended
benefits  of use  of the  system.

Attribute 

Indications  for 
use 

Capnostream  20  Bedside  Monitor 
with  MiniMediCO 2 EtCO2 module 
with  IPI  software  (version  2.51)

Predicate  Device-  Capnostream
20  Bedside  Monitor  K072295

The  indications  for use  are  identical  to the  The  Capnostream  20  combined
capnograph/pulse  oximeter  monitor  is
indications  for  use  in the  predicate  device 
intended  to  provide  professionally
with  the  addition  of the  following: 
trained  health  care  providers  the
The  Capnostream  20  monitor provides 
continuous,  non  invasive
the  clinician  with  an  integrated  pulmonary  measurement  and  monitoring  of
index (IPI).  The  IPI  is based  on four 
parameters  provided  by the  monitor:  end 
tidal  carbon  dioxide,  respiration  rate, 

carbon  dioxide  concentration  of the
expired  and  inspired  breath  and
respiration  rate,  and for the  continuous
non-invasive monitoring  of functional
oxygen  saturation  of arterial
Ihemoglobin  (Sp0 2 and  pulse  rate).  It is

