SPECIAL-51O(k)  Submission  for CAPNOSTREAM20  two parameter  bedside  monitor  with  microMediC02  002 module
510(k)  Summary  of  Safety and  Effectiveness
patient's  pulmonary  parameters  and  alerts  clinicians to changes  in the  patient's  pulmonary
status.

The  IPI  is an  adjunct  to,  and  is  not  intended  to replace,  vital  sign  monitoring

COMPARISON  TO  PREDICATE  DEVICE

The  Capnostream2O  with  the  micromediCO2  C02  module  is substantially equivalent  to the
predicate Capnostream2O  with  the  minimedi0O2  C02  module.

The new  device  meets  the safety and  performance  standards  met  by the  predicate  device.

The functional features  and  the  intended  use  of the Capnostream2O  with  the  new  C02
module are  substantially equivalent to  the  predicate  device.  No  significant changes were
made to  the  monitor  hardware  or  software specifications to  support the  integration  of the
new  module.  Slight mechanical  changes  were  made to  the monitor to accommodate  the
smaller dimensions of the  new  module.  The  micromediCO2  module  is smaller  in size  than
the miniMediC02  module,  in order to  facilitate integration  inside other  OEM  monitors,  and
provides  enhanced processing  and  memory  capacity, to  support  software  applications for
future  development.  The module  provides  the following  inputs  to the  host  monitor:

FiCO2,  EtCO2  numeric,  EtCO2  waveform,  Respiratory  Rate,  IPI  (integrated  Pulmonary
Index),  and continuous  002 numeric  and  waveform.

The micromediCO2  includes a smaller  lamp,  a new solenoid,  broader  use  of molded  parts
to  improve  production  quality, increased  processing  power,  reduced  power  consumption
and  improved  flow  regulation.

The  module  software  provides full  backward  compatibility with  the  miniMedic02  and
supports RS232  or USB  communication  with  the host monitor.

A  hazard  analysis was  carried  out on the  module  and  on  the  Capnostream2O  monitor  with
the new  module.  This hazard  analysis  concluded  that any  residual  risks  were judged  as
acceptable when  weighed  against the  intended  benefits  of use of the system.  Verification
and  validation of the  new  module  as  a standalone  and  when  integrated  in the  monitor were
successfully completed.

Page  12

