Traditional  510(k)  Submission  for  CAPNOSTREAM020p  with Masimo  MX1  SpO2  Board
where  10  indicates  optimal  pulmonary  status.  IP1  monitoring  displays a single  value that
represents  the  patient's  pulmonary  parameters  and  alerts  clinicians to  changes  in the

patient's  pulmonary  status.

The  IP1  is an  adjunct to,  and  is not  intended to  replace,  vital  sign  monitoring.

COMPARISON  TO  PREDICATE  DEVICES
The  Capnostream20p  with  Masimo  MX1  board  is equivalent  to  the  predicate

Capnostream2O  with  microMediCO2  002 board  with  the exception  of the  addition  of the

three  Rainbow SET  parameters  (SpCO,  SpMET  and  Spl-b).

The  new  device meets  the  safety  and  performance  standards  met  by the  predicate

devices.

Software  testing  was  performed  to validate the  performance  of the  new  monitor

software  and  its  substantial equivalence  to  the  predicate  device. The  functional  features

and  the  intended  use  of Capnostream2op  with  Masimo  MX1  board  are  substantially

equivalent to  the  predicate  devices.

A  hazard  analysis was  carried  out on  the  Capnostream  host  monitor displaying the

Rainbow  SET  values. This  hazard  analysis  concluded  that any residual  risks were

judged  as  acceptable when  weighed  against  the  intended  benefits  of use of the  system.

Attribute 

Capnostreamn2Op  with.Masimo 
MXI  SpO2  board,  software 
version 6.1. 

Predicate  Device:
Capnostream  Bedside
Monitor with mnicroMediCO 2:
K094012,  software  version
5.6

Indications for 
use 

The  Capnostream®D20p
combined  capnograph/pulse
oximeter  monitor  is intended  to

The  Capnostream820p  combined 
capnograph/pulse oximeter  monitor 
and  its  accessories are  intended to 
provide professionally trained  health  provide  professionally trained
care  providers with  continuous,  non-  health  care providers  with
continuous,  non-invasive
invasive measurement  and 
measurement  and  monitoring
monitoring  of carbon  dioxide 
of carbon  dioxide concentration
concentration  of the  expired  and 
of the expired  and  inspired
inspired  breath  and  respiration  rate, 
breath and  respiration  rate,  and
and with  continuous noninvasive 
with  continuous  non-invasive
monitoring  of functional oxygen 
monitoring  of functional  oxygen
saturation  of arterial  hemoglobin 

Oridion  Medical  1987  Ltd. 

5
