Traditional  510O(k)  Submission  for CAPNOSTREAM®20p  with Masimo  MXI  Sp02  Board
The  Masimo  MVX1  SpO2  module,  integrated  in the  Capnostream2O  p monitor  presented

in this  submission,  provides  the following  parameters  to  the  host for display:  SpO2

(functional  oxygen saturation  of arterial  hemoglobin),  pulse rate,  SpCO

(carboxyhemoglobin  saturation  in blood),  SpMet  (methemoglobin  saturation  in blood)

and  SpHb  (total  hemoglobin  concentration  in blood).

The host  monitor will display this data  to  the  user in numerics  via  a screen,  and  will

also  display the  002 waveform  and  SP02  (pleth)  waveform  or  pulse bar  graph.

The three  measurements  will  be  available  both  real time  and  in trend  summaries.

In addition,  the  MVX1  board  provides  a Perfusion  Index  (Pl)  indicating  the  relative

pulsatile  strength  at  the  sampling  site  is provided  to  the  host monitor for display.

The  host displays the  Rainbow  SET  parameters  values on  the  screen  alongside  the

four  IP1  (Integrated  Pulmonary  Index)  parameters  and  the  IPI  value  as  presented  on

the  predicate  device.

INTENDED  USE

The  Capnostream®20p  combined  capnograph/pulse  oximeter  monitor  and  its
accessories are  intended  to  provide  professionally trained  health  care  providers  with

continuous,  non-invasive  measurement  and  monitoring  of carbon  dioxide  concentration
of the  expired and  inspired  breath  and  respiration  rate,  and  with  continuous  noninvasive
monitoring  of functional  oxygen  saturation  of arterial  hemoglobin  (SpO2)  and  pulse  rate.
It is also indicated  for continuous  non-invasive monitoring  of carboxyhemoglobin

saturation  (measured  by  an  SpCO/SpMetISpHb  sensor),  methemoglobin  saturation
(measured  by an  SpCOfSpMetISpHb  sensor)  and  total  hemoglobin  concentration

(measured  by an  SpCO/SpMetISpHb  sensor).  It is intended  for  use  with  neonatal,
pediatric,  and  adult  patients  in hospitals,  hospital-type facilities,  intra-hospital  transport

and  home  environments.

The  Capnostream@20p  monitor provides  the clinician  with  an  integrated  pulmonary
index  (IPI).  The  IP1  is based  on  four parameters  provided  by the monitor:  end  tidal
carbon  dioxide,  respiration  rate,  oxygen  saturation  and. pulse  rate.  The  IP1  is a single
index  of an  adult or  pediatric  patient's  ventilatory  status  displayed  on  a scale  of  1 - 10,

Oridion  Medical  1 987 Ltd. 

4
